1436790/1438462: Part 3: 10 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10239)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/runtime/loadfromremotesources-element.md

Specifies whether assemblies loaded from remote sources should be granted full trust in .NET Framework 4 and later.
  
> [!NOTE]

> >  If you were directed to this topic because of an error message in the Visual Studio project error list or a build error, see [How to: Use an Assembly from the Web in Visual Studio](/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2010/ee890038(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  If you were directed to this article because of an error message in the Visual Studio project error list or a build error, see [How to: Use an Assembly from the Web in Visual Studio](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2010/ee890038(v=vs.100)).  
```
